[lvgl] Document dynamic widget access (#7095)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: src/content/docs/components/lvgl/widgets.mdx

`lvgl.<widget_type>.update` action, e.g. `lvgl.label.update` allows updating not only the common style properties,
but also the `text` property of a label.

### Updating a widget that has no `id:` of its own

Every `lvgl.<widget_type>.update` action's `id:` normally refers to a widget's own configured
[ID](/guides/configuration-types#id). It can instead be given a reference to a widget that was never assigned an `id:` --
one nested inside another widget's `widgets:` -- by specifying the widget that *does* have an ID, plus a path of child
indices to walk from it:

- **parent** (**Required**, [ID](/guides/configuration-types#id)): The ID of a widget with children.

> - **path** (**Required**, list of templatable positive ints): Child indices to walk from `parent`. `path: [1]` selects

Author: ```suggestion
- **path** (**Required**, list of templatable ordinal numbers): Child indices to walk from `parent`. `path: [1]` selects
```
